h1. nValid -- Fluent validation library for .NET

With nValid, you can cleanly define validation rules for any .NET type, and validate instances of types with a very "simple syntax":http://github.com/leddt/nValid/blob/master/src/nValid.Tests/FluentInterface/Usage.cs#L19.

h2. Features

The main features are:
  * Fluent interface for configuration
  * Can validate any POCO
  * Zero dependencies
  * Easily extensible
  * Can use resources to set error message (localization support).
  * Basic support for named validation contexts.

h2. Planned features

The following features are not yet available, but are planned:
  * *Client-side validation*. We want to be able to generate client-side validation logic based on our rulesets. Either integrate with an existing library (for example, "xVal":http://xval.codeplex.com/), or develop our own solution.
  * *Cleaner way to setup rules*. The current syntax for registering rules makes it hard to organize a large number of rulesets. We need a clean way to have rulesets in individual files. Probably something similar to "StructureMap's":http://structuremap.sourceforge.net/ registries.

h2. Project status

The project is still in an early stage. I would *love* to receive comments, code reviews, suggestions and/or patches. You can reach me at "comments@nvalid.net":mailto:comments@nvalid.net. 

Right now I work on nValid when I need it to do something it doesn't currently do.

h2. Thanks

_nValid uses code by :_
  * "Phil Haack":http://www.haacked.com/